Warm States in the US

Below are eight states that will make your winter warmer.
Arizona. It's hard to resist the idyllic landscapes, scenic splendor, tranquility and endless blue skies of Arizona. ...
2. California. ...
Georgia. ...
Florida. ...
Nevada. ...
New Mexico. ...
South Carolina. ...
Texas.

HOME / BLOG / 8 STATES THAT WILL WARM UP YOUR WINTER

8 States That Will Warm Up Your Winter
September 3, 2015 Published by Chris CSHARE THIS
Looking to warm up your winter? As winter approaches, hundreds of thousands of snowbirds are preparing for their annual move from the north, escaping to warmer climates. Of course you will be spending more than three months far far away from the long, cold winters of the North, but are you sure which destination is the right one for you? Whether you are moving South or West in search of warmer climates, each state has its delicacies just waiting for you to enjoy. Choose wisely.8-States-That-Will-Warm-Up-Your-Winter
Share this info-graphic on your site

Embed

Below are eight states that will make your winter warmer.

1. Arizona
It’s hard to resist the idyllic landscapes, scenic splendor, tranquility and endless blue skies of Arizona. From outdoor enthusiasts to wine connoisseurs; bird watching and shopping, this state has a lot to offer those escaping the harsh winters of the north. Visit Sierra Vista; humming bird capital of the world or Downtown Tucson the historic and cultural heart of the Old Pueblo. Don’t forget Yuma; the third fastest growing city in the US. Whether you are taking advantage of Yuma’s 60 RV resorts and or activities like antique shows, arts and crafts bazaars, seminars, health fairs, home shows, banquets etc., you will always be busy. With all its splendor, this state will not disappoint.

2. California
If you’re looking for hot springs and beautiful resorts, desert adventures and exciting tourist attractions, California is your winter escape; with close to perfect weather, swimming pools and mountainous forests. If you thrive on culture and night life, Rancho Mirage is your winter destination. This city is endowed with a unique aesthetic appeal and an entire range of exotic nightlife options from small-time bars to casinos and nightclubs. If you are more interested in a leisurely game of golf, La Quinta is named “Best Place to Live for Golf” and home to over 20 remarkable courses including PGA West. Looking to whale watch? December through April marks San Diego’s whale-watching season, when about 20,000 gray whales migrate to breeding lagoons at the tip of Baja, California. Don’t forget your golf clubs!

3. Georgia
Known not only for its delicious peaches and southern hospitality, Georgia is also a golfer’s paradise. This state is home to Augusta National Golf Club, where The Masters® Golf Tournament is played annually, as well as the second oldest club in the U.S., the Savannah Golf Club, which opened in 1794. Do you love the arts and culture? Spend your winter in Savannah to enjoy the art exhibits of the largest art school in the country, SCAD (Savannah College of Art and Design) or enjoy a dinner at a tavern frequented by pirates who sailed the Caribbean in 1794; the famous Pirates House restaurant. If you’re more of a history buff, Marys or Brunswick may just be the place for you. Both are rich in history with Victorian Inns, quaint shops, antiques and gentle pleasures. These two cities are great for your winter refuge.

4. Florida
Florida offers some of the world’s most diverse and stunning scenery. The climate allows for year-round camping and endless outdoor activities. If your dream includes sunshine and warm breezes, lying on the beach or hitting the surf, then you’ll likely be heading for Florida. Join estimated 550,000 snowbirds that take up temporary residence here each year. From lakefront picnics to walking trails, Lakeland has all the parks you will need. The neighborhood of Boca Raton provides the ultimate shopping experience with premier shopping locations like Mizner Park. For you shopaholics; no matter what you are looking for, you’re bound to find it here. Are you more of the water sports type? With 165 miles of local waterways, marinas and boatyards, Fort Lauderdale is known as a major yachting center. Don’t forget your water gear!

5. Nevada
Looking for a great place to spend winter? Snowbirds seeking historical interest, scenic vistas, entertainment, hiking, motor sports, fishing, inexpensive meals, and gambling, find Southern Nevada as just the place to be. Are you a gambler? Las Vegas, “The Entertainment Capital of the World” is renowned for its resorts and casinos, shopping, fine dining and nightlife; if you like to gamble, this is the place to be. If you rather a more casual type setting with less hustle and bustle, Primm may just be a great fit for you. The town of Primm has a lot to offer; if you’re a fan of rollercoasters, check out one of the tallest roller coasters in North America with a 225-foot drop on the first hill; Desperado at Buffalo Bill’s Resort and Casino. Or, enjoy land-sailing at Ivanpah Dry Lake, a popular land-sailing destination.

6. New Mexico
Are you intrigued by archeology? From dormant volcanoes and ancient lava flows to ice caves, fossil sites and archeological digs, New Mexico, is just waiting to be explored. Unique for its strong Hispanic and Native American influences, this state is rich in mesas lakes, rivers, forests, canyons.. The mild temperatures, sunny weather, quiet and economical locales, friendly people and lots of activities makes it a draw for snowbirds. If you like Mexican food, Las Cruces is home to some of the best and hottest Mexican food around. Do dinosaurs and fishing interest you? Tucumcari is home to Mesalands Community College Dinosaur Museum, a first-class museum housing the world’s largest collection of spectacular full-scale bronze dinosaur skeletons. Go fishing for bass, walleye, catfish, perch and crappie at Ute Lake or Conchas Lake State Parks. The options are endless in New Mexico.

7. South Carolina
Also known as “The Golf Capitol of the South”, South Carolina offers challenging play in spectacular settings. Tee off on the famous Ocean Course on Kiawah Island or play South Carolina’s Upcountry Golf Trail that traverses dramatic hills, scenic lakes and roaring mountain streams. Or, make your way to Hilton Head’s legendary golf courses attracting snowbirds who enjoy playing on its famous fairways. If Oyster roasts and Frogmore stew are enticing, you will find that eclectic cuisine exists in Myrtle Beach – from southern soul food to Greek, and from Japanese to Tex Mex – all are well represented and put to the test by thousands of diners nightly. Indulge in the delicacies of South Carolina, your winter escape.

8. Texas
The Lone Star State is certainly a popular destination for those RVers escaping the frigid winter months of the north. Many snowbirds drive down in RVs enroot to RV parks ranging from small to enormous. If you enjoy highly organized activities with crafts and dancing, the larger RV parks are just for you. If you like square or line dancing, this is the place to kick up your heels and start dancing. If you enjoy exploring wild life; the small town of Rockport attracts bird watchers from all over the world to visit the famed Aransas National Wildlife Refuge, home of the endangered, migrating whooping crane and other wildlife species. If butterflies are your favorite, Marble Falls is a great place to watch monarch butterfly migrations in mid-October or Colorado River waterfalls flowing over marble outcroppings. Full of natural beauty, Texas is sure to keep you busy during the winter months.

Want to discover more? From the frigid north, to the desired destinations of the south and west, the internet is your tool to discovery. Start with the sources below and share with your friends on social media!